Here are some initial questions we should answer.

When was the first time you felt like you belonged in the statistics major/program/discipline?
I felt I belonged in the statistics major when I realized I was capable of doing well in rigorous math courses and courses that 
teach programming.

What did that feel like?
It was a very good feeling because there have been times where I felt that some things might be too dificult for me to handle; however,
when I realized that if I put in the effort and the time that something requires I am able to do just as well as my peers. 

Did something specific occur that gave you that feeling of belonging? Describe that occurrence.
I was able to feel that I belonged when I completed my final project for a programming class I took last summer called Stat 420. 
I battled with the sense of belonging because I had no prior programming experience. However, by the end of the course I was able to 
succesfully complete a final project that required advanced programming skills in R which allowed me to feel more confident in my abilties.

Are there things/moments/incidents that have happened while being in the statistics discipline that made you not want to remain in the discipline? Describe the thing.
There have been momments/incidents that have happened while being in the discipline that made me doubt my ability to reamin in the discipline.
For example, when I was in the process of changing my major to statistics I had to meet the requirement of getting a B or betting in Stat 400. 
When I did not do well on the second midterm I began to doubt myself and question whether I had the ability to enter the statistics major.
Fortunately, I did well on the next midterm and final for Stat 400 and was able to meet the GPA requirement and enter the statistics major.

How long do you see yourself being/working in the statistics discipline?
I hope to work in the statistics discipline for the many years to come and hope to develop a career in data analysis. 

How confident are you in programming/coding?
If I were to rate how confident I am in programming I would rate myself 7/10. I beleive there are still a lot of things that I need 
to learn in order to feel confident in my programming skills. 

How confident are you at data analysis?
If I were to rate how confident I am in data analysis I would also rate myself 7/10. There are courses that I would like to take in 
order to become better at data analysis. 

How confident are you at collaborating with classmates you know?
I am very confident in collaborting with classmates I know. I believe collaboration is a ket component in working on projects and 
performing data analysis. 

How confident are you at collaborating with classmates you do not know?
I am also confident at collaboratring with classsmates I do not know. Being able to commit to an objective is important an can help 
everyone in the group develop their skills. 

How confident are you at presenting information written and/or in person?
I am fairly confident in presenting information written and in person. I have experience with public speaking and feel that I 
can give a good presentation. 
